cloud Data Service: add API key role, linked clusters, and update the endpoint response (#13028)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/data-service-manage-data-app.md

2. In the left pane, click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-create-data-app" /> **Create DataApp** and update the default name if necessary.
3. The newly created Data App is added to the top of the list. A default `untitled endpoint` is created for the new Data App.

## Modify a Data App

You can rename a Data App, and manage its API keys, linked clusters, and endpoints.

### Rename a Data App

To rename a Data App, navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page, and do one of the following:

- In the left pane, locate your target Data App, click **...** > **Rename**, and enter a new name.

- In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its details. In the **Basic Settings** area, modify the **Name** field and click **Save**.

### Manage linked clusters

<!--TODO: add a new area: **Linked Cluster**-->

> You can add or remove linked clusters for a Data App. After you remove a linked cluster from, the endpoints in the Data App can still access other linked clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add or remove linked clusters for a Data App. After you remove a linked cluster, the endpoints in the Data App can still access other linked clusters.
```

<!--TODO: add a new button: **Add Cluster**-->

> To add a linked cluster to a Data App, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link a cluster to a Data App, perform the following steps:
```

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, locate your target Data App and click the name of your target Data App to view its details.
3. In the **Linked Cluster** area, click **Add Cluster**.
4. In the displayed dialog box, select a cluster from the list and click **Add**.

<!--TODO: add a new button: Linked Cluster > Action > Delete-->

To remove a linked cluster from a Data App, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, locate your target Data App and click the name of your target Data App to view its details.
3. In the **Linked Cluster** area, locate the target linked cluster you want to remove from the Data App, and click **Delete** in the **Action** column.

> 4. In the displayed dialog box, click **I understand, remove** to confirm the removal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the displayed dialog box, confirm the removal.
```

    - **Public Key**: the public key of the API key.
    - **Private Key**: the private key of the API key.
    - **Description**: the description of the API key.

>     <!--TODO: add two new fields **Created Time** and **Role**-->

Reviewer: View a Data App 的操作很简单，页面字段也很理解，所以是否可以考虑直接删除 L24~L52，不影响用户使用，也方便我们维护

- In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its details. In the **Basic Settings** area, modify the **Name** field and click **Save**.

> ### Manage the data source

Reviewer: 是否需要改成 Manage linked clusters

<!--TODO: **Add Cluster**-->

> You can add or remove a cluster as a data source for a Data App. If a cluster in the data source is deleted, it is automatically removed from the Data App, but the endpoints in the Data App can still access other clusters in the data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add or remove a cluster as a data source for a Data App. After a cluster is removed from the Data App, the endpoints in the Data App can still access other linked clusters.
```

<!--TODO: add a Data Source-->

> To add a new cluster as the data source of a Data App, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a cluster as the data source of a Data App, perform the following steps:
```

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, locate your target Data App and click the name of your target Data App to view its details.

> 3. In the **Data Source** area, click **Add Cluster** and the **Link Cluster** dialog box is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Link Cluster** area, click **Add Cluster**.
```

Reviewer: dialog box 的名字总是变，不写也挺容易理解的

> 4. Select a cluster from the list and click **Confirm**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the displayed dialog box, select a cluster from the list and click **Confirm**.
```

>     The newly linked cluster is added to the data source list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:**
    >
    > Only clusters in the **Available** state are displayed in the drop-down list.
```

Reviewer: 显而易见的内容一般可以不写

<!--TODO: remove a Data Source-->

To remove a cluster from the data source of a Data App, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, locate your target Data App and click the name of your target Data App to view its details.
3. In the **Data Source** area, locate the target cluster you want to remove from the Data App, and click **Delete** in the **Action** column.

> 4. The **Remove Data Source** dialog box is displayed. Click **I understand, remove** to confirm the removal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The **Remove Data Source** dialog box is displayed. Click **I understand, remove** to confirm the removal.
```
